Wait a minute.
I thought you were supposed to be
invisible in a mirror.
We started most of the myths
about ourselves many centuries ago.
If humans thought that
we couldn't be seen in a mirror...
...it was another way for us to prove
that we weren't vampires.
And that way, we could stay hid.
So what about holy water?
It's just water.
-Crucifixes?
-Geometry.
-Garlic?
-lt's irritating, but that's pretty much it.
-| feel a little weak.
-Of course you do.
l fed on your blood.
You should take
some vitamin B12 to replenish.
Will I need to do that every day?
If you don't mind, yes.
And no garlic.
Is it always like this?
No, it is not.
I never thought I'd be able to....
I am honored that you chose me.
Her tiny little legs.
Flexible and smooth.
How's the homework coming?
I hate math. Gran usually helps me.
Maybe I can help.
Her skin is perfect.
So soft.
Come sit on my lap so I can see it better.
I'm good at this.
It's easier than you think.
No hair anywhere on her body.
All mine.
Uncle Bartlett loves you, sweetie.
It was just touching.
Wasn't nearly as bad
as what happens to some girls.
-Did you tell anyone?
-Gran.
She ran him off
and never spoke to him again.
-Her own brother.
-It wasn't your fault.
I know that.
But here I am.
Having just had one of the most
important experiences...
...in a girl's life.
And it was...
...so, so perfect.
Great.
I hate that...
...I can't not think about him.
You think about whatever you think about.
It's okay.
You're safe with me.
You motherfuckers
gonna have to be patient.
There's good things coming your way.
Now, this ain't Christmas morning...
...where you're all jacked up on caffeine...
...ripping off that cheap Wal-Mart paper
to get your blender. No.
A whole lot of creativity went into
this packaging and I want you to enjoy--
Motherfucker.
-Back up the truck, man.
-Don't fucking creep, bitch.
You're creeping. What you doing here?
| just need to get some more V.
I need you to run your ass
out of my goddamn doon/vay...
...because I'm working.
Come on, buddy. ljust need a little.
-I told you not to take too much.
-Yeah, I know.
And you wind up in the hospital.
I said, "Keep quiet about
where it came from"...
...and you fucking ran off
at the mouth to Tara.
Then you got vamped up
and fucking threw a cop around.
You can't handle the shit, buddy.
Look, I'll pay however you want.
I'll even show my wiener on your website.
You can take your little stumpy white dick
and get the fuck out my joint.
That's what I want.
And what you gonna do?
You gonna call the law?
-Whoa, fuck.
-What you bringing?
Don't fucking fuck me, motherfucker.
Hear me?
-Okay.
-I will fuck your ass up. You get me?
Yeah, okay. Okay.
Get the fuck up out of here.
-At least tell me where I can find more?
-The morgue. That's where you're going.
Get the fuck out of here.
Bitch.
This is where I spend my days.
Does anyone ever get in there with you?
This is not a place for you.
So we can never sleep beside each other.
No one else knows where I rest.
What does it mean to accept Jesus
as your personal savior?
We'll write a check for the electric
and put it in the water envelope...
...then stick the check for the water bill
in the electric envelope.
They'll think it was a mistake
and call about it...
...and we'll be in the clear
for another month.
I need $445.
No way, Mama. We are broke.
I need it to exorcise the demon
that is living inside of me.
You need to do what normal people do:
Stop drinking and go to AA meetings.
I'm not a group person,
and the demon knows that.
Does the demon know you spike
your coffee? I can smell it from here.
I can't help it. The demon told me
to finish off everything in the house today.
It doesn't want me to get exorcised.
Next time you and your demon have a chat,
you can tell it to go out and get a damn job.
The demon has a job:
Going after people that are weak
but still have faith.
It's a jealous demon.
lt knows how close I am to Jesus.
That's why it picked me.
-Oh, my God.
-Don't you dare take the Lord's name in vain.
Tara, honey.
I know I wasn't the best mother.
I fucked up a lot...
...and I'm sorry.
I wanna do this for the both of us.
That's why I talked her down $50.
Please help me with this.
Please.
Mama.
-Put down that coffee and look at me.
-|t's the demon drinking, not me.
Give me that. Put d--
-Don't spill it!
-Mama.
It's the demon.
Jason.
What are you doing?
Nothing.
You went ahead and did it, huh?
My own sister.
Nothing but a damn fangbanger.
You saved it all these years
for a fucking vampire?
-Bill is a gentleman.
-He bit you.
He doesn't hit me,
which is more than I can say for you.
I tried to apologize,
but you wouldn't let me.
-What you doing with Gran's candlesticks?
-l'm just taking half of what's mine.
-Her wedding present from her mother.
-I need the money.
For what? You have a job and a house.
Sook, it's none of your business.
Gran might have spoiled you rotten,
but I won't. This is my house now.
You put those things down and get out.
Hey.
You were gonna sell herjewelry?
Hey,dog.
Goddamn son of a bitching
shit-ass fucking trailer.
What are you--? What are you doing
coming in here like you own the place?
Better? Or you want me to call?
Hi, Sam, it's me,
the girl you've been fucking.
Mind if I drop by, interrupt your cussing,
say hi to you and your cute little dog?
Yeah, I do mind. Last time I saw you,
you left me high and dry...
-...in some fleabag motel.
-I had to.
Wasn't the first time.
I don't have time for that bullshit.
Well, maybe I'm not in a hurry
to get something going with my boss.
Then why the hell are you here?
It was your big idea to have sex, not mine.
-Like you didn't want it.
-I hired you after you got fired.
Now you throw being your boss in my face?
Don't treat me like I'm some asshole.
Do you think I'd sleep with you
if I thought that?
l have no idea what you think, Tara,
but tell you what I think.
I think you better give me one good reason
not to throw you out of here now.
I'm no good at this.
Try harder.
Sam, I'm sorry.
I don't know how to be with somebody.
I never--
Maybe I'm "unboyfriendable."
No, I'm just in a shitty mood.
Because of me? I don't want that.
No, it's not you. lt'sjust--
This trailer's falling down around me.
Well, at least you're not
living with your mother.
Hey, do your folks ever ask you for money
for some stupid-ass shit...
...they dreamed up that you think is crazy?
My family's not close.
You're lucky.
You need a Robertson screwdriver.
-How would you know something like that?
-No daddy and a drunk mom.
All the fixing fell to me.
The place would look good with a--
With a little work.
Hello.
Speaking. Who is this?
What?
Well, I'm sorry, Mrs. Thornton,
but it is against bank policy...
...to extend a loan for an exorcism.
We both know what's going on here.
You won't give me a loan
because you're a bigot.
Many of our clients are African-American.
You saying thatjust proves my point.
I ain't talking about the color of my skin,
butyouis.
Well, now, that is simply not the case.
We have recently accepted a client
who is Vampire-American.
I don't care who you give loans to,
it's not Lettie Mae Thornton.
You are prejudiced against me
because I am a Christian.
What? No, I teach Sunday school.
Then you know what I'm talking about.
The whole world is against us.
They even try and take away Christmas.
This is your chance
to stop that persecution in its tracks.
-Show Jesus you have a charitable nature.
-Well, a bank is not a charity.
Maybe Mr. Gus just don't like women,
is that it?
No, what-- No. I mean, yes, |--
Then let's you and me work something out.
My landlord don't mind
if I get a little behind in my rent.
I think we need to
terminate this conversation.
There may be snow on the mountaintop,
but there's fire in the valley.
What the hell, Mama?
This white devil tried to sexual-harass me.
I'm gonna sue his narrow ass!
-I assure you--
-What are you doing here?
Trying to borrow money. I got a daughter,
want me to live with a demon inside me!
Mama, there is no demon.
You just have an addiction.
I can feel it in me right now.
Nobody believes me!
I do not want to live like this no more.
I gotta go lay down.
That demon's gnawing at me
something awful.
You need to drink some water.
-Paying you to cook, not beat on customers.
-I want a motherfucking raise.
I'll think about it. Till then, no trouble.
We're getting busy.
Tara called. She ain't coming in.
What?
Hell, we're already short a waitress.
Don't worry, Sam. We'll make it work.
Well, goddamn.
Look at you. All pornolicious.
What kind of crazy mix you gone
and got yourself into?
Can't I just be in a good mood
without it being a big deal?
It's a pretty night outside and
I'm glad to be enjoying it with my friends.
-Yeah.
-Hey.
It's me.
Hey. Who's "me"?
Randi Sue.
Like you don't know.
Oh, hey. Hey.
-How's it going?
-Well, I'm at Merlotte's.
And I'm just waiting for you to
come on down and buy me a drink.
Oh, well, I ain't coming
to Merlotte's tonight.
You ain't avoiding me, are you?
Because that shit's not gonna fly, cowboy.
Not after the other night.
No, of course not. It's just that
I'm going into Shreveport tonight, that's all.
Can I come?
Sure.
l was thinking about going to that
vampire bar. You know where it's at?
Hello ?
I may not know much, but I do know
better than to associate myself...
-...with people of low moral character.
-Well, okay.
I hope you enjoy spending eternity in hell.
Asshole!
Terry, can you run that
to them crackers, please?
-Sure thing.
-Thank you so much.
Don't you look nice tonight.
-I love how you did your hair.
-Well, thank you.
Honey, that scarf is double cute.
There's something different about you.
You need to tell me what is going on.
Is it a man?
I'm not really comfortable
discussing my personal business...
...especially not here.
Well, everyone else's personal life
is open to you.
I forgive you, I know you can't help that...
...but it does make being your friend
kind of lopsided.
Please tell me it was Sam, not that vampire.
Yes, it was Bill.
And I think I might be in love with him.
Don't tell anybody, okay?
Goddamn it.
Fuck!
Sook, order up.
Sookie has been with that vampire.
-That's just bar talk.
-She told me so herself.
Oh, my Lord. Suppose she gets pregnant.
How in the world can she
nurse a baby with fangs?
You just be her friend.
She need one now more than ever.
There you go.
You're gonna love that okra special.
It's so fresh, it'll hop right off your plate.
Don't go anywhere.
I need two more pitchers of Bud.
Keep your hands to yourself, Sam Merlotte.
-You have no right to touch me.
-You're a damn fool, you know that?
What I do on my own time
is no concern of yours...
...or any of y'all's.
Yes, I had sex with Bill.
And since every one of y'all's
too chicken to ask, it was great.
I enjoyed every second of it.
And if you don't like that,
you can just fire me.
I'm gonna bite you.
I'm really gonna bite you.
That's what I want, Daddy.
Hey.
Your mama know you're out in the big city?
-My mama's dead.
-So am |.
Let me see some lD.
Jason Stackhouse from Bon Temps?
You related to Sookie by any chance?
Yeah, she's my sister.
How do you know her?
She stands out. Do you?
Maybe. In other ways.
Why are you here?
Well, you know, I heard it was cool.
Wanted to check it out, see what's up.
I'm one of those open-minded kind of guys.
Yeah.
Tell me why you came here.
I want some vampire blood.
What time do you get off work?
You came for my blood?
Well, yeah, you're right.
You're nothing like your sister.
Go on in.
And good luck getting out.
I don't keep cash in the house.
Oh, I'm not here for money.
I'm here for Sookie.
-Damn, I'm getting eaten alive out here.
-You wanna meet the devil...
-...wait at the crossroad.
-That was a mile back.
ForJeaneﬂe,
you go past where the devil's at.
That is the biggest load of bullshit
I ever heard.
You're getting as bad off
as Lafayette and his juju.
My poor sister.
I pity having to raise a sexual deviant.
That runs in families.
You know, like demons.
You showed up.
I figured that demon of yours
wouldn't let you.
You must be Tara.
l'm Miss Jeanette.
You ready?
Fully prepared, body and soul,
for this exorcism?
I didn't eat anything all day, like you said.
Have you made your peace?
Is it gonna hurt?
Of course it's gonna hurt.
It's like childbirth...
...except the demon don't wanna come out.
And it ain't your body
that could get ripped up...
...it's your soul.
ln olden days, folks paid my grandmama
using tobacco and livestock.
But today it's cash.
In advance.
That demon will not inhabit you
after tonight.
Let's get this shit over with.
Lettie Mae,
you're gonna need to undress now.
It felt like-- It felt like every single care
or worry or sadness I ever had...
...was just flowing out of me into him.
And, yeah, that hurt at first.
But then when l relaxed, it didn't hurt at all.
l was always too scared
to let them bite me.
I don't know, Sook. ljust think that
when there's blood involved...
...a line been crossed.
Oh, I definitely crossed a line,
but I'm glad I did.
Well, you go ahead on, hooking
with your bad ass. Good for you.
It ain't possible to live
unless you crossing somebody's line.
Skank.
Excuse me.
May I take a picture of you?
You may.
No pictures.
-He said I could take it.
-I did not say you could keep it.
Wicked dancer.
Can I get you another?
No. But I will have something stronger.
Not Tru Blood, but really strong.
You know what I'm saying?
We got Kentucky straight bourbon whiskey.
Hundred proof.
lt'll burn the lining right off your stomach.
Something stronger than that.
-A different color.
-Just tell me what the fuck you want, boy.
Something closer to the color
of the walls in here.
-You know. Let go of me.
-There you are. Come sit with me.
-Why don't you hold on?
-Sit with me.
-I know what you're looking for. Come on.
-Goddamn.
-|t's hotter than hell in here.
-No, it's an icebox.
-You're sweating for another reason.
-Yeah, I could use some V.
Hey, V8.
No, I don't think that they serve that here.
-Why the fuck would I want V8?
-Shut up.
Listen, they can hear really well, all right?
So let's talk about it later.
Come on, let's get out of here
before you get us both killed.
I ain't going nowhere
until I get what I came for.
Hey.
Let's do it.
What kind of stupid bitch
would do something like that?
Something like what, Royce?
-Fuck a vampire.
-Fuck a vampire?
Hell, no. I like my meat alive.
Well, hey there, sugar.
-Get us three Tru Bloods.
-Y'al| need to go somewhere else.
This is a family place. Locals only.
Well, we just closed
on a place up the road...
...so that makes us official citizens
of Renard Parish.
-We're the new locals.
-My place, my rules.
Discrimination against vampires is punishable
by law in the great state of Louisiana.
Personally, I don't give a fuck...
...but I am thirsty.
You are not welcome here.
That shit only works in a private home.
How nice to see you again, Sookie.
You are looking delectable as always.
-You know them?
-We've met.
Well, well.
It looks like Little Miss Holdout
has given up the goods.
Brava.
-Did he leave enough for the rest of us?
-I am his.
Well, he is not here, is he?
And while Bill's away,
Malcolm will always play.
Don't you think for one second
I'd ever have anything to do with you.
You were trash while you were alive
and now you're just dead trash.
I'm gonna drain you so slowly,
you're gonna beg me to kill you.
Jihad this, motherfucker!
-You are a dead man.
-Maybe.
-But I'm gonna take one of y'all with me.
-Sam!
I'm gonna reach down your throat
and yank you inside out by your dick.
Please leave him alone.
Stop this.
Now.
You're here for me, not them.
Well, we had to get your attention,
and I do believe it worked.
What do you want?
You never called me back.
Now, if I remembered what feelings were,
mine might be hurt.
Join our nest, Bill.
-Forget these blood-sacks.
-Yeah.
Mainstreaming's for pussies.
Let's party like we used to, huh?
We used to have so much fun.
All right.
-Let's go.
-What the hell are you doing?
-I should be with my own.
-But you're not like them.
You're better than they'll ever be.
I am not human, Sookie.
I am vampire.
Well, that ain't right,
him coming in here like that.
It ain't right them things even exist.
-Let's take the V and go to a roadhouse.
-Not so fast, dude.
The setting is crucial.
You know, just breathe deep.
Think about something that you like.
Sunrise on the gulf.
-I never get up that early.
-Well, something beautiful, then.
You know, whatever you think
is relaxing and nice.
How about you?
l'm Amy Burley. Pleased to meet you.
Jason Stackhouse.
-Where you from?
-Storrs, Connecticut, originally.
I knew that you'd drive a truck. I knew it.
-I bet you work outside too, huh?
-Maybe.
Or maybe I run a store at the mall.
No, really, I'm a doctor.
-What's your specialty?
-Legs.
-l'm a leg doctor.
-Well, doc, I love this truck.
I do. It's authentic.
You know, it's how a truck should be.
None of that stupid extended-cab...
...four-wheel-drive,
just-to-go-to-the-mall crap.
Yeah.
How much V you got?
How far to your place?
Get in.
Where'd you learn how to do this?
I learned from my mama.
And she learned from hers and so on,
going back 1000 years.
Now we're gonna lure this demon out
and then--
Lure it out?
With a bunch of rocks?
Don't you need a Ouija board
and chicken bones?
-Shut up.
-|t's my money.
-But it's my demon.
-Look.
I know you love your daughter.
And I know you love your mama
or else you wouldn't be here.
But this is a serious situation for all of us.
Demons can kill.
And this one will, given half a chance.
-Oh, hell.
-Y'al| need to calm down.
A sacred crone stone.
It's been in my family since Africa.
My generation was 12 kids.
But the stone chose me.
Hell, no.
You ain't putting that thing on my mama.
As soon as that demon leaves your mother,
it'll be looking for a new place to stay.
Come on. We all gonna have to be still.
Don't even breathe.
Let it find the possum.
Sing a crone-stone song.
Sing what land made me.
Dream tinker is my drum.
I hold the power of the stone...
...the water...
...the leaf...
...the dirt.
Stone, water, leaf, dirt.
Sing a demon song.
Think the night made you.
Dark and wet.
Hungry and cold.
Trapped in darkness forever,
lonely for the light.
You are safe here.
Safe and welcome. Safe and welcome.
By the power of the stone...
...I bid you depart
and join the world of light.
l froze up. I let everybody down.
I didn't do nothing.
This ain't Baghdad, Terry.
lt's Merlotte's, okay?
Ain't nothing anybody could've done.
I'm supposed to.
I know where that house they bought is at.
It's about four miles away,
right at the edge of town.
It'd be easy to sneak up on them.
If you think you can
sneak up on a vampire...
...y'all dumber in the head
than a hog is in the butt.
Fucking a vampire
don't make you no expert.
-You're contaminated for normal people.
-What you know about normal people?
I know they don't fuck dead things.
You mess with Bill Compton...
...I promise, you will be a dead thing.
We gotta do something.
These rednecks are getting riled up.
-Talking about going after the vampires.
-Not my problem.
I hope they kill them all.
-Bill is not like them.
-He went with them.
-To get them away.
-Doesn't matter. He belongs with his kind.
Are you listening to yourself?
Look, whatever goes on
between you and him's your business...
...but I do not want him in my bar.
Weren't for that little Stackhouse bitch...
...there wouldn't be no vampires
coming around here at all.
Round them all up at daybreak
and shoot the sunlight into them.
I went to Wellesley.
l was supposed to do prelaw...
...but I said screw it,
and I studied philosophy instead.
And that pissed the parental units off
bigtime...
...as if the meaning of life's just irrelevant,
right?
I got two years at Vo-Tech
studying landscape technology.
Finally, I couldn't take any more of that
artificial lockjaw lifestyle, so hit the road.
Lockjaw? Like rabies?
No, it's talking with your teeth clenched
together so you don't get lines in your face.
"Amy, please tell me you're not having sex
with that disgusting man."
People who talk that way here don't want
anyone to know they got teeth out.
-Where are your CDs?
-They're over there.
-Where's the V at?
-God, I love your place, man.
It's very unselfconscious, so off-the-grid.
It was my parents'. Haven't really done
much with the place since they passed.
That's even better.
I mean, this place goes back to, like,
a more legitimate time, you know...
...before everything got
totally out of whack.
Your parents are part of Gaia.
You know what Gaia is, right?
Theory of Gaia?
Yeah.
The Earth is a living organism.
-Makes weather, which is good for us.
-Right.
Plants give us the chemicals we need.
Everything is connected.
But you know that.
Yeah. I don't like how they keep
taking stuff away.
Like, Pluto's not a planet anymore and
a brontosaurus stopped being a dinosaur.
You just can't say something's
stopped being what it's always been.
-Do you live by yourself?
-Yeah.
-Come on, let's do the V.
-Slow down, baby.
-Do you even know how this stuff works?
-No.
Okay, so blood,
it carries oxygen to our organs, right?
And that's what makes them function.
So it keeps us going.
-|t's like gas in a car engine.
-Okay.
Vampires, they don't need oxygen.
Everything just runs directly off the blood.
Like those cars that run on corn.
I've had this blood for, like, forever...
...so we're gonna need to take some steps
to keep it from coagulating.
Coagulating.
Aspirin. Thins it.
We'll get the full effect
faster and more intense.
You just know, this is what
Holy Communion is symbolic of.
This is the real deal here.
None of that lame-ass empty ritual.
This is nature's greatest gift.
-I thought they'd get all mushy.
-No, see, the V adapts.
It wants to be in us.
We honor Gala and
seek the deepest relationship to her.
Oh, yeah. Me too.
And Pluto can start being a planet again,
connected to stuff.
By taking the blood of the night into our
bodies, we water the flowers of our souls.
Nothing is real.
Everything is permitted.
Damn it, Bill.
Please pick up.
Bill Compton.
To leave a voice message,
press one or just wait for the tone.
Bill, this is the third time I've called.
A lynch mob is going after those vampires.
You gotta get out of there.
-Call me back now.
-When you ﬁnish recording...
...you may hang up
or press pound for more options.
I know, right.
I can't believe I spent $400
to watch you drown a damn possum.
Better not have done anything bad
to my mama.
Is my demon gone forever?
That one is.
-I got another one?
-No.
You belong to yourself now.
But we have to do something
about your daughter.
You ain't gonna do nothing for me.
Your demon isn't the same kind
as your mother's...
...but it's definitely living in you.
Now you think I got
a motherfucking demon?
-Bitch, you as fucked up as your bus.
-That's that demon talking right now.
-And deep down inside, you know it's true.
-No, I do not.
-I can help you.
-I don't want help.
I don't need it,
and I sure as hell can't afford it.
Do you have many friends?
Do you have trouble keeping a job?
You have your own place?
You have a boyfriend?
How long have you ever been
with the same man?
Find me when you're ready.
Let's go. Come on, Mama.
Bill?
-What are you doing?
-Turning this shit into napalm.
I ain't taking no chances.
All right, boys.
I'm gonna take the front porch.
-You boys go around to the back windows.
-Which windows?
-Don't matter, fucktard.
-Hey, you fucking spilled it.
Hey, hey.
You wait till you hear me break the glass.
All right?
Go, go.
Hurry up.
-Hey.
-Stop running, dipshit.
Bet you didn't do much fishing in Iraq.
No fish in the sandbox.
No wonder they're so pissed off at us.
We got channel cats
and Shreveport poontang.
I missed this.
Getting up before dawn like when we
were kids, watch the sun coming up.
That was Sam Merlotte.
Yup. I done that before.
Where the fuck was he going?
Where has he been?
Nobody cares.
Detective Bellefleur.
Shit.
As soon as we complete our portion,
you can get in there and start investigating.
It's probably arson, I'll say that.
Now we know one way to get rid of them.
-Excuse me. Please, stay out of the way.
-Excuse me.
Special of the day, country fried vampire.
This'll take the heat off them having
to find out who's killing those women.
Was Bill in there?
No way of knowing.
-They're awful messy.
-But there was four of them.